[docs][admission-policy-engine] Add info about using alternative policy engines (#10534)
deckhouse/deckhouse: modules/015-admission-policy-engine/docs/FAQ.md

title: "The admission-policy-engine module: FAQ"
---

> ## How to configure alternative security policy management solutions?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How do I configure alternative security policy management solutions?
```
Or _Configuring alternative security policy management_

> For DKP to work correctly, extended privileges are required to run and operate system component payloads. If you are using an alternative security policy management solution (e.g., Kyverno) instead of the admission-policy-engine module, it is necessary to configure exceptions for the following namespaces:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For DKP to work correctly, extended privileges are required to run and operate system component payloads. If you are using some alternative security policy management solution (e. g., Kyverno) instead of the admission-policy-engine module, you have to configure exceptions for the following namespaces:
```

- `kube-system`;
- all namespaces with the `d8-*` prefix (e.g., `d8-system`).

> ## How to extend Pod Security Standards policies?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How do I extend Pod Security Standards policies?
```
Or _Extending Pod Security Standards policies_

title: "The admission-policy-engine module: FAQ"
---

## How do I configure alternative security policy management solutions?

> For DKP to work correctly, extended privileges are required to run and operate system component payloads. If you are using some alternative security policy management solution (e. g., Kyverno) instead of the admission-policy-engine module, you have to configure exceptions for the following namespaces:
> 
> - `kube-system`;

Author: ```suggestion
For DKP to work correctly, extended privileges are required to run and operate system component payloads. If you are using some alternative security policy management solution (e. g., Kyverno) instead of the admission-policy-engine module, you have to configure exceptions for the following namespaces:
- `kube-system`;
```
